hi everyone welcome back I just found
these on the internet and I thought they
were the cutest thing when I send a card
to someone I always like to put a little
surprise or gift in there even if it's
just something as simple as a tea bag
I found these cards on several different
websites and decided to make my version
of it although I'm sure somebody else
has already thought of this this card
takes fits in a regular invitation size
envelope so it makes it nice and small
and compact and what it does is it holds
a little tea bag and so today we're
going to make one similar to this this
is just a different style that I made
with without the pocket on the front but
it's entirely up to you so what you're
going to need for this project is a
piece of cardstock that measures four by
five and a half and that fits well in
the invitation size envelopes
embellishments of your choice some
rubber stamps a cutting tool you will
need either a duplex piece of paper
because we need pattern on both sides or
this is some really pretty card stock I
found at Hobby Lobby
it's from @kn company package pad a
paper actually and that will be cut at
ten excuse me twelve by three inches and
then we are going to score that very
simply at three inches six inches and
nine inches okay so to get started
decide whatever direction or whatever
side you want your pattern to be on and
what we're going to do is we are going
to fold in from the outside
one of the ends and it really doesn't
matter which one because they're both
the same size and then we're going to
fold our little pocket in and to fold
that in instead of just cutting it off
if you want less bulk in your card you
might just want to cut it off but for
now I'm just going to fold it in all I
do is fold it diagonally over to just
barely meet that score line and increase
that then you're going to need a little
bit of adhesive and this adhesive since
this is going to be our pocket we just
want that on the very very edge or very
bottom and then fold it over and that's
one of the pockets then we're going to
fold this over to make the cover crease
that down and then the last one back now
if you prefer not to have a pocket on
this particular one you can just adhere
that down but we're going to make one
more pocket and so this time I'm going
to open it up and like we did before
I'm going to fold this down almost to
that score line if you fold it right on
the score line it causes a little more
difficulty with it lying flat so that's
why I don't fold it directly on and so
there is our second pocket and again I'm
just going to use a little bit of
adhesive for my big adhesive gun or
anything of your choice okay so there's
our actual tea bag holder and here's the
card and all I do is adhere that down
and I've already pre embellished the
actual card stock and I made a tag
because I want to put a tag in didn't
get that down quite good enough in the
front one and so I just put a little
stamp on it
from the heart
actually is made using the Creative
Memories tag punch which is really a
neat neat punch because it when you
punch it just slide your material in
punch it out and then you slide your car
your tag into this front slot and it
puts the hole in just the perfect spot
so this is just a really neat punch you
can contact your local Creative Memories
dealer to get one of those or if you
want to email me I can put you in touch
with a dealer a demonstrator excuse me
so I'm just going to add a little ribbon
here and with these you can embellish
them however you like it's entirely up
to you
and then we're going to take our teabag
and put inside and I actually like the
teabag to hang out just a little bit so
that people can see that there's a
little surprise inside and that is all
there is to it if you have any questions
or you would like the measurements and
the score lines for this one I'll post
them on my blog thanks again see you
next time